Add audits in the Jupyter ecosystem (#133)
jupyter/accessibility: docs/audits/zoom-audit.md

# Zoom Audit

## Background and Overview

Zoom is one of the mechanisms used by vision impaired users to navigate through Web interfaces and programs. This is a builtin functionality in any Web browser that can offer from 25% up to 400% zoom by resizing the contents of a webpage. Given the importance of this tool in the accessibility context, WCAG has a complete set of guidelines regarding the expected behavior of webpages when zoom is used.

The main premise of the WCAG standard is that websites need to preserve all the information regardless of the zoom level and the size of the user’s screen. The reality is that the way zoom is handled in webpages varies, and a lot of them will often break when more than 200% zoom is used.

Given the importance of this tool for disabled users it was important to recognize the state of JupyterLab when used in higher zoom values. The following document will state the methodology, results and recommendations found in the audit.

## Methodology

> Given that the JupyterLab interface is so complex, it was impossible to do one general audit of the whole interface. Instead, it was decided to break down the UI in the main 7 areas, left sidebar, right sidebar, main content area, menu bar, context menu, settings and the status bar.

Reviewer: Each area listed here should x-ref the corresponding issue

Each of the areas was tested in 0%, 200% and 400% zoom. In all the scenarios, JupyterLab default settings were used.

## Findings

> All of the tests were made using JupyterLab 3.4.3 in a 16-inch Macbook Pro in Google Chrome.

Reviewer: Do we really need to mention `a 16-inch Macbook Pro`? IMO language such as a `a laptop` or `desktop` would be more than enough

Reviewer 2: This was copied directly from participants' notes. This is why I think copying them from there to here is iffy. 

Come to think of it, I may have left that note. I probably thought it was relevant because this was a zoom audit, and therefore screen size is potentially relevant.

Author: I left it because I felt that stating the screen size was important, the results may vary or other things may break if the screen size was bigger/smaller

Settings is not usable in small screens or with zoom, the options are chopped and not readable
Settings left menu area doesn't resize
Settings is using the same gear icon for multiple entries
The Status bar is responsive for even mobile screen sizes

## Overall recommendations

The following list of tasks was proposed,

- Define a new UX for the left sidebar when they are taking too much space compared to the main area
- Define a new UX for the right sidebar when they are taking too much space compared to the main area
- Define a new UX/UI for the tabs in the main content area, especially the cases where too many of them are opened.
- Make the cell options layout be responsive (it may include removing some options or adding ellipsis when the space is small)
- Change the python logo to a new image that has better resolution
- Dialogs sizes need to be checked for high zoom or small screens
- Add a hamburger menu in the main menu bar when the space is smaller to avoid losing items.
- Dropdown menus from the main menu bar should open to the left/right depending on the space in the screen
- Check and define the UI/UX for context menus in small screens and/or high zoom

> - Define a new UX for the Settings pane to handle small screens and/or high zoom

Reviewer: The same comment as Gabriel left above suggests there is no need to duplicate content already in the issues.

Also, the super big block of text above makes it hard to read/parse.

## References

> If you are interested in reading the full audit, see the actual screenshots of the interface and be part of the discussions please refer to the following issues,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details of the full audit including findings and suggested improvements can be found in the following issues (contributions are very welcomed):
```
